docs: update documentation for handling recipe changes (#12704)
conan-io/conan-center-index: docs/consuming_recipes.md

   
To be sure that people using these new experimental features are using the required Conan version and testing the actual behavior
of those features (feedback about them is very important to Conan).

## Isolate your project from upstream changes

This has always been a concern from ConanCenter consumers.

Conan is very flexible; you can add your own remote or modify your client’s configuration for more granularity. We see the majority of Conan users hosting their own remote, and only consuming packages from there. For production this is the recommended way to add some infrastructure to ensure stability. This is generally a good practice when relying on package managers - not just Conan.

Here are a few choices:

- [Running your own Conan Server](https://docs.conan.io/en/latest/uploading_packages/running_your_server.html) - great for local ad-hoc setups
- [Cache recipes in your own ArtifactoryCE](https://docs.conan.io/en/latest/uploading_packages/using_artifactory.html) - recommended for production environments

Using your own ArtifactoryCE instance is easy. You can [deploy it on-premise](https://conan.io/downloads.html) or use a 

> [cloud provided solution](https://jfrog.com/start-free/?isConan=true) for **free**. Your project should 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[cloud provided solution](https://jfrog.com/community/start-free) for **free**. Your project should 
```

## Isolate your project from upstream changes

The minimum solution involves small changes to your Conan client configuration by

* **Pin the version of every reference you consume in your project** using either:
  * [recipe revision (RREV)](https://docs.conan.io/en/latest/versioning/revisions.html): `foo/1.0@#RREV` instead of `foo/1.0` in your conanfile. [Activation Instructions](https://docs.conan.io/en/latest/versioning/revisions.html#how-to-activate-the-revisions)
  * [lockfiles](https://docs.conan.io/en/latest/versioning/lockfiles/introduction.html) (please, be aware there are some [knowns bugs](https://github.com/conan-io/conan/issues?q=is%3Aissue+lockfile) related to lockfiles that are not being fixed in Conan v1.x).

For larger projects and teams it is recommended to add some infrastructure to ensure stability by

 * **Cache recipes in your own Artifactory**: your project should use only this remote and
   new recipe revisions are only pushed to your Artifactory after they have been validated
   in your project.

> ### Use your own Artifactory instance

Author: https://docs.conan.io/en/latest/uploading_packages/artifactory/artifactory_ce.html
